feat(RN&Migration): No migration for Maintenance versions (#1207)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/release-notes.md

```

## No more migration between maintenance versions of Bonita

> Starting with Bonita 7.11.0, it is not necessary to run the Bonita migration tool to migrate between maintenance versions of the Bonita Platform (between 7.11.**0** and 7.11.**1**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Bonita 7.11.0, it is not necessary to run the Bonita migration tool to migrate between maintenance versions of Bonita Runtime (between 7.11.**0** and 7.11.**1**, for instance).  
```

Reviewer 2: The message to share is that there is no **migration**, only **upgrade** of binaries

> Starting with Bonita 7.11.0, it is not necessary to run the Bonita migration tool to migrate between maintenance versions of Bonita Runtime (between 7.11.**0** and 7.11.**1**, for instance).  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with Bonita 7.11.0, it is not necessary to run the Bonita migration tool to upgrade between maintenance versions of Bonita Runtime (between 7.11.**0** and 7.11.**1**, for instance).  
```

> More details on the new procedure [here](migrate-from-an-earlier-version-of-bonita-bpm.md#maintenanceVersionCompatible)

Reviewer: If you want a new line, add double-space chars at the end.
```suggestion
More details on the new procedure [here](migrate-from-an-earlier-version-of-bonita-bpm.md#maintenanceVersionCompatible)  
```

See https://cidoc.cloud.bonitasoft.com:21207/bonita/7.11/release-notes for rendering !

On the technical side, Bonita 7.11.0 introduces a loose couple between Bonita binaries and the Database schema it runs on. 

> There is now a distinction between a new database field Bonita Database Schema, and the Bonita Platform Version.

Reviewer: I would not mention the field in database:
```suggestion
There is now a distinction between Bonita Database Schema version and Bonita Runtime version.
```

> The Bonita Database Schema version is, for now, a technical number (not accessible through APIs), set at ```{Major}.{Minor}```, ie. at ```7.11``` for this release.
> The Bonita Platform Version is the same as the Bonita Version in versions < 7.11.0 (ie. 7.11.0, 7.11.1 etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bonita Database Schema version is a technical number (not accessible through APIs), that changes when the database schema changes.
The Bonita Platform Version is the 3 digit version number we usually use to refer to Bonita.
```

On startup Bonita now only checks if the database version is compatible with the binaries version, not if they are identical.

Aside of the quality of life update of not having to run a migration between migration versions, this update brings a few behavioral changes:

> * Platform.getVersion() method now returns the version of the Bonita binaries (ie. 7.11.0), not the "version" field of the database.
> * Platform.getPreviousVersion() is now deprecated, and voided (will always return ""). The method was effectively deterministic, as the queried database field was always set at ```CurrentBonitaVersion - 1```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Platform.getVersion() method still returns the version of the Bonita runtime binaries (ie. 7.11.0).
* Platform.getPreviousVersion() is now deprecated, and voided (will always return ""). It was not used anywhere. It will be removed in a later version.
```

> * A check has been added in Cluster mode as to forbid the start of nodes in different Bonita platform versions. For example, on a two nodes cluster, you can't have a node in 7.11.0 and another in 7.11.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A check has been added in Cluster mode as to forbid the start of nodes in different Bonita platform versions. For example, on a two-node cluster, you can't have a node in 7.11.0 and another in 7.11.1.
```
